Que 1.

 List functions-
1.len(s)
Returns the number of items in the list.
2.list([iterable])-
The list() constructor returns a mutable sequence list of elements. The iterable argument is optional. You can provide any sequence or collection (such as a string, list, tuple, set, dictionary, etc). If no argument is supplied, an empty list is returned.
3.max(iterable, *[, key, default])-
Returns the largest item in an iterable (eg, list) or the largest of two or more arguments.
4.range(stop)-
Represents an immutable sequence of numbers and is commonly used for looping a specific number of times in for loops..


Que 2.

1.clear()-
Removes all the elements from the dictionary.
2.copy()-
Returns a copy of the. dictionary
3.fromkeys()-
Returns a dictionary with the specified keys and value
4.get()-
Returns the value of the specified key
Items
 5.keys()Returns a list containing the dictionary's keys
6.pop()-
Removes the element with the specified key.
7.popitem()-
Removes the last inserted key-value pair
8.setdefault()-
Returns the value of the specified key. If the key does not exist: insert the key, with the specified value
9.update()-
Updates the dictionary with the specified key-value pairs


Que3.

1.add()-Adds an element to the set
2.clear()-Removes all the elements from the set
3.copy()-Returns a copy of the set
4.difference()-Returns a set containing the difference between two or more sets
5.difference_update()-Removes the items in this set that are also included in another, specified set
6.discard()-Remove the specified item
7.intersection()-Returns a set, that is the intersection of two other sets.
8.pop()-Removes an element from the set
9.remove()-Removes the specified element.10.union()-Return a set containing the union of sets
11.update()-Update the set with the union of this set and others


Que 4.

Tuples are immutable sequences, typically used to store collections of heterogeneous data.
Methods-
1.count- returns count of the element in the tuple.
2.index-return the index of element in the tuple.


Que 5.

1.capitalize()	-
Converts the first character to upper case.
2.casefold()	-
Converts string into lower case
3.center()	-
Returns a centered string
4.count()	-
Returns the number of times a specified value occurs in a string.
5.find()	-
Searches the string for a specified value and returns the position of where it was found.
6.format()	-
Formats specified values in a string
